Add test wise discount rules.
In referral module ,when adding commission rule, allow selecting multiple tests or categories at once from a multi select dropdown. In the referral module provide option to set commission rules that are exclusive (i.e., if a specific test rules applies, no other category or default commission rule should be used/applied.).
Use gemini to summarise patient test results or general clinical notes/advise. Analyse AI billing trends or referral patterns to provide insighjt for practice. Draft patient communication using AI for personalised follow up message or explaination for test results.
Make report module , with option to dictate on microphone, add templete, auto fill templete by removing the normal findings in normal format with abnormal findings typed or dictated on microphone.
Add functionality to edit existing bills with proper audit trail, allowing for modifications to selected tests, deleting one or more tests, discount amounts, payment status and mode, recalculating THE TOTAL AMOUNT AND referral commission automatically, with compulsory sending email to admin and any other added users email at 5 pm and 10 pm(scheduled reporting) for report of all the edited bills with reason and done by which user and the previous data before modification. Also option to select reports which should be sent to admin and super admin at a fixed time.
Implement low stock alert in inventory module, when a items stocks fall below its minimum threshold. In inventory module add a feature to track the stock history of each item, showing incoming and out going stock movements with timestamps and reasons. Stock movement records stock usage ( eg., consumed by bills), with inventory rules mapping specific tests to required inventory items for automatic stock deduction. A specific test may use more then one inventory item(eg., MRI Brain will use 4 nos of 14x17 film, 2 a4 reporting page, 1 nos 14x17 poly bag and 1 nos billing page. 
In accounting module fill the vouchers “Performed By” with current logged in user.
